---
title: 'Robust Sample Consensus based on Subspace Analysis'
layout: post
tags: []
category: Uncategoried
---
# Robust Sample Consensus based on Subspace Analysis
###Robust Object-aware Sample Consensus (ROSAC) for Accelerating LiDAR Odometry
#### 1. Abstract:
Random sample consensus (RANSAC) is a popular paradigm for model fitting with outlier detection, which plays an essential role in 3D robot vision, especially for the registration between two 3D hapes. Considering that classical RANSAC is insufficient for robust 3D registration with existing consumer-grade depth sensors, great efforts have been made to improve the 3D registration methods. as well as the RANSAC paradigm. However, the main component of RANSAC remains unchanged and its intrinsic disadvantage of strong dependency on inlier selection remains unsolved. In this paper, we propose to address such intrinsic disadvantage of RANSAC in the context of LiDAR odometry by robust object-aware sample consensus (ROSAC). In the proposed ROSAC, the sampling strategy is adjusted to maintain object shapes and a new consensus method is proposed based on robust subspace analysis. It is demonstrated in extensive experiments that the proposed paradigm can achieve 10x acceleration in speed while maintaining comparable odometry accuracy. Since the extension of the proposed ROSAC to other types of depth sensors is straightforward, we believe that ROSAC can lead to better solutions to real-time 3D robot vision using consumer-grade devices.
This paper has been accepted by ICASSP 2018.
### 2.Methodology:

### 3.Results:

### 4.Future Works:
